come on -- this is an `` asian bistro . ''
it 's fake asian food .
stringy , asian crab that was definitely pre-made .
she was basically giving my asian friend a terribly difficult time .
never shop at this asian grocery since many more open .
- i will take my aunt to asians or school in north hills .
he was not asian .
there was no asian table or house workers in the front side of things .
this is not very good asian food .
i am sure there are asians in madison .
after cream cheese wontons , pad thai is one of my favorite asian entrees .
hell , asian kitchen is better than this place .
the little asian dentist comes in and once again ( surprise ! )
go to other asian stores cause this one will waste your time .
i tried the asian , garlic buffalo and sam adams bbq .
i asked why and the asian lady said the grill was n't on yet .
i 'm only half asian so i 'm not sure if my opinion counts .
it was almost embarrassing being the only asian person in the place .
this one is not as bad as some other asian fusion restaurant .
for a well seasoned asian food eater like myself , this place fails .
worst asian food i 've ever had - nothing asian about except the name .
im asian i eat rice almost everyday .
i can make better mexican , and i 'm asian .
the asian man is extremely rude and does not listen to anyone .
the cashier repeated back , `` asian salad . ''
the young asian lady is always nice but the guy is rude .
when i 'm sick i want spicy , hot , asian food .
elephant bar and grill is americanized version of asian food .
i 'm asian , so that make me a automatic expert on korean food .
it was different , had almost an asian taste to it .
the cashier ( asian lady ) was very rude .
you can tell easily by the lack of ( asian ) customers .
what kind of asian dish does n't come with rice .
when are they gon na expand their asian beer offerings ?
to be honest i 'm not a huge asian food fan .
the asian cucumber salad was bland .
why is the canned tuna located in the asian section ?
the asian girl has never been a nice person .
this is not good asian food .
if you 're searching for impressive asian cuisine , skip this place .
may be i should stop coming here & look for other asian food choices .
gluten free asian fusion is not difficult .
unless you 're asian then they check on you like crazy .
asian chicken salad ?
they 're rude and kind of racist especially when bringing people not asian .
typical for an asian restaurant i guess .
asian restaurant = bad customer service .
then , these _num_ asian girls walked in .
i am asian and trust me i know how pho taste like .
my husband and i are not asian , was this a factor ?
like most asian restaurants , what is service ?
i 'm used to bad service at asian restaurants , but this was ridiculous .
this is so typical of an asian family .
-the customer service is lacking , although this is expected from an asian establishment .
and it 's an asian ( filipino ) establishment .
was in desperate need for light asian food and quick service for lunch .
i 'm sucker for asian food !
what asian restaurant does n't have that !
the driver , a middle aged asian guy , was less then helpful .
except for the order i put the hot asian sauce on .
this is an asian restaurant serving hawaiian dishes .
it was the asian girl in the front who made this experience horrible .
but service from the asian lady at the window was awful !
i 'm a big asian buffet guy , even bad asian buffet .
probably the worst asian buffet i 've ever been to .
the asian style ribs were so over cooked we could n't eat them .
but they do have a selection of asian desserts cakes and cookies etc .
this used to be our favorite asian buffet in town , not any more !
yes , avoid the seafood at an asian buffet .
no more asian chicken salad big enough to feed half of china .
i can only assume it was because she is asian and so were they .
i was very underwhelmed by the `` asian '' salad .
chopped iceberg , crunchy things , smoke flavored chicken and asian dressing .
the asian stir fry vegetables were decent .
i 'll just assume they do n't like asian people or something .
he was a short old asian man who barely spoke english .
if you are asian , you are not welcomed at the basketball court .
$ _num_ for an asian sampler , lobster bisque and a salad .
two small asians in the bed was uncomfortable .
i think i 'll try a real asian buffet next time .
this was the worst asian buffet i have ever experienced .
ordered an asian sesame chicken salad to go .
in a pinch , but i 've had much better asian food .
but with two other asian restaurants close by , why bother .
extremely mediocre asian food .
subpar asian food in an extremely noisy cafeteria setting .
there are many other asian restaurants near by for better price and quality !
even an asian buffet can do better than this .
the spice level was typical of americanized asian restaurants .
i 'm not saying this because `` it 's not authentic asian ! ''
mediocre asian food made to accommodate american taste .
i did also find the asian art section small and disappointing .
too many other places for asian fare .
like any other asian restaurant the wait staff , they speak limited english .
this has to be our worst asian food experience ever .
it 's very difficult to find a good asian market here .
