good service .
friendly staff .
really nice atmosphere and free parking in the back .
the staff was very friendly and helpful doing the estimate .
it looked delicious and the portion was huge .
thanks kayla .
i love that .
so amazing with the sauce on the side .
the gift i sent took my mother back to her own mother 's kitchen .
service is always pleasant and reliable .
i was very happy with my services and i will return .
oh i love this place .
staff was very helpful , location great .
super helpful and high quality work at a fairly cheap price .
i love it here .
you can see their second bar through the front windows .
this is such a fabulous place .
interesting , tasty food .
firm , not too greasy , and the sauce is really well balanced .
produce is very fresh .
the furnishings , decorations are also exquisite and original to the house .
the cake icing is the best around !
the prices are very reasonable and the service is fast .
friendly , kind and super nice .
max 's is one of the best bars in town .
incredible bread here !
the antipasto salad was delicious .
this is a great place for small and large groups .
the meat was perfect and it was a very large portion .
great bar !
i personally love it .
even the shows that i do n't particularly like , i enjoy .
wow !
this is a classic .
they really go above and beyond .
i highly recommend stopping by to pick up some lunch .
i absolutely love d 's with all of my heart .
all the dogs and wings are delicious .
delicious food and wonderful people .
the owner and his staff are very nice .
they were all delicious but the cinnamon sugar was hands down amazing and yummy .
very professional .
highly recommended .
the food was all around pretty good but it was definitely tight .
great place to watch a game and get a bite to eat .
always a great place for good simple food .
very good mexican place !
delicious lobster roll !
outdoor seating is great and you have a good view of the square .
expect to pay heavily for this experience , it is well worth it .
the lovely regulars also help add to the ambiance .
pants were hemmed well and it was good work .
really good korean food and very fresh sushi .
my stylist was julie , and she was absolutely incredible .
this place is great for large groups .
the service was super friendly and they genuinely seem to enjoy themselves .
this is always one of my favorite stops when visiting the strip .
check it out .
their tea selection is quite impressive !
a fantastic italian meal all around .
fun nite to celebrate _num_ years !
very nice place .
elizabeth at the counter was extremely helpful , professional , & attentive .
i thought the food was good in taste and quantity for the price .
great pizza , all ingredients are fresh and made at the shop .
perfection .
pho is the best in pittsburgh .
i got with the tandoori dinner .
what a great place !
go early , go late , go real late - it 's always open .
service good , atmosphere good enough , but food is worth the visit .
short and sweet here .
the menu is a problem , everything on it sounds so good !
a quirky place to grab a meal run by a really nice couple .
it 's nice to be able to bring my own and splurge on dessert .
great food , never had a bad meal there .
i would absolutely recommend this place .
the food was good .
they also deliver in the general area .
the portions are extremely generous , literally enough for two meals worth .
portions were generous and the food was excellent .
the first date roll is our absolute favorite .
mineo 's is as good as it gets .
yeah cookies !
i 'm hooked and definitely coming back here .
sat at the bar and enjoyed wine , a seafood dinner , and dessert .
but the chilean sea bass was as good as it gets .
they both just melted in your mouth with the best flavors !
that 's right kids !
the staff is helpful and friendly .
she listens and understands my issues and gives me a great cut always !
each more sugary and delicious than the next .
got ta love this store !
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
enjoyed the intimate atmosphere .
tasted fresh and was different .
on the weekends it gets crowded ... and smokey .
quick service , busy place , and delicious food !
i liked it .
they have a good selection of beer and the food is excellent .
the best !
so good .
love that they have fresh bread to purchase also .
true , northern style pizza in the charlotte area !
pretty authentic ny style pizza although a little bit on the pricey side .
nice surprise !
all in all an excellent experience .
best .
it 's a quick order , and they bring the food out to you .
amazing pasta and variety of items .
i got the everything bagel and it was everything you could ask for .
definitely recommend the french toast biscuits .
great service and the sales person installed my car battery on the spot .
beautiful historic hotel in the most fun place in all of charlotte , nc .
good solid , good drinks , and great company .
this is a charlotte gem .
tracy provided great service ... .
she went above and beyond to make sure our dinner was perfect .
great irish pub .
great food , fast service for lunch .
menu selection is authentic and has a lot of choices .
we had been looking for a new sushi place and this is it !
my absolute favorite entree is the lobster & shrimp enchiladas .
everything was delicious .
great hotel - very clean , organized , the staff was amazing .
definitely my new go-to spot for all dry cleaning .
had breakfast here , super yummy southern biscuits !
staff great food great .
delicious homemade food .
the decor is so fitting for a soul food restaurant .
my fave soul food spot in charlotte !
it was all delicious .
upscale foodie favorite with upscale prices .
it made for an awesome show !
the food was amazing !
if you are in downtown , and want a good meal , eat here .
the capital grille is fantastic !
angel our waitress was the best !
i will definitely be coming back soon .
the most traditional stadium in the nfl with great sight lines from every seat .
cafeteria style service with custom options and delivery .
definitely a fun 4-6 hours .
the food is standard diner fare but good nonetheless .
i love don 's !
it certainly lived up to the hype .
i usually bring some sandwiches and bottled water , and they do allow this .
great facility !
we had our rehearsal dinner here and everything was perfect beyond words .
excellent but greasy lunch !
this is a nice strange of pace for a night out .
thanks for a great job today !
this is exceptional because i 'm not a big fan of italian cuisine !
the service was awesome too !
staff is awesome and know a thing or two about movies .
best indian buffet in charlotte imho .
the food taste very fresh and delicious .
the hook worked great !
the prices and quality of food is well worth it .
the scallops are fantastic when they 're served with almond risotto .
i will be coming back !
theyre always on groupon too !
the service was friendly and timing was good .
i 'm always impressed with the service and the food .
honestly , i love america for businesses like this .
the rooms are clean , and well maintained .
clean and a quick airport to get in and out of !
the airport is very clean and everyone is courteous .
this is a huge airport with flights just about everywhere .
the main food court has a good selection of food .
their cheese bread complimented the meal beautifully .
eggs & country ham was delicious with eggs cooks exactly as ordered .
if you have n't been , definitely check it out .
they also have an extensive wine list , and a nice bar area .
tucked away in a shopping center , it was a real treat .
they have all been amazing .
pretty tasty and very authentic .
it has now been moved into a new addition to the store .
in fact , the meal was great .
friendly and fast service for take out .
when you come in , you are greeted nicely and sat quickly .
bento boxes are a great way to taste a few different things .
great location , as i stated in my tip there is something for everyone .
all the staff work very hard to bring you a good home style meal .
gus is great .
their beer selection is amazing ... waitresses are not always so great !
great and friendly service .
simple as it gets .
i will definitely be back .
they have some amazing dishes , and they pile your plates with food .
best eastern , nc bbq in charlotte .
this is the place for great priced hibachi .
good quality ingredients .
that 's how to discover the excellent offerings at your new favorite chinese restaurant .
they have the biggest honey crisp apples i 've ever seen !
the club house is spacious and open and the food is pretty tasty .
good was awesome , service was cool , and prompt .
best hands down !
nice service and relaxing atmosphere .
nail tech was very attentive to me and has a very good pedicure technique .
the food is always fresh and drinks little small but always good !
thank you for the great afternoon !
thank you !
good staff and the food is usually fresh off the grill .
first time at a sleep inn .
i love going here .
great beer selection .
i always go for acrylic nails , pedicures and brow waxing .
their food is fantastic .
the shelves are well stocked , the shopping carts all have working wheels .
i always just do a veggie burrito and it 's great .
great service , great food and fun atmosphere .
garlic knots are great , i had classic lasagna and was great .
friendly employees and super clean !
friendly staff .
service great .
perfect shot of espresso .
service is hit and miss .
it came with a creole soup that was amazing .
thank you !
i highly recommend and dogs too , what a loving group of people !
but the food in the restaurant is absolutely wonderful .
always on point with any adjustments to an order .
i absolutely love this place .
i would recommend it to anyone .
awesome customer service .
tasty .
great help from tracy and heather tonight from jewelry department .
the service was great and everything ordered was correct .
right by the mall on the east side .
but without the friendly faces and awesome tap line up .
best burger i 've had to date !
i 've been coming here for the last _num_ years and still love it .
absolute favorite place .
great desserts !
clean , fresh , fair prices and wonderful service .
the cod is my personal favorite with the shrimp a close second .
this is a great veterinary office , i would n't go anywhere else .
amazing botanical gardens with beautiful walks and calming oasis along the trails .
definitely will be going back !
that alone was fantastic .
both of us loved it .
if that is not enough , the food was really good too !
i would still recommend michaels though .
the wonderful sauces are on the table for the customer to put on themselves .
carl did an incredible job on my wedding cake .
service is super fast and the place is clean .
excellent staff , they truly make this restaurant as awesome as it is .
best food i 've had in a long time .
our server was great and got us everything we needed quickly .
it 's simple and satisfies your sushi cravings .
phenomenal service .
but the produce is fresh and the sushi bar is superb for supermarket standard .
the best is mechanics shop .
had some solid pepper steak .
the chips and salsa that was brought out was also phenomenal !
the naan is fresh and amazing .
i did n't get to try the sushi but it sure looked good .
the salad bar was excellent .
lovely bunch of people and a lovely store .
always worth a visit a few times a month .
this hole-in-the-wall was a great find .
the place is interesting and has a comfortable low key feel .
great local florist .
best hooters ever !
dr. dust may be the most compassionate vet i 've ever met .
i love this place !
i finally found my perfect salon !
very interesting urban feel to the place .
i liked this place .
amazing burgers !
i love this place !
worth checking out for sure if you have n't .
pool tables are in good shape which is nice for a bar .
very good food and service meant for a great time .
the gnocchi was outstanding .
radio is definitely one of my favorite regular places .
prior to this i was a huge fan of dairy queen .
angela was very diligent in adding the right colors so it matched perfectly !
very impressed , will definitely be going back .
best tom kha gai ever ever !
this restaurant is fabulous !
for my money , this is the best gym in town .
love this place !
will definitely be coming back here the next time i 'm in phoenix !
the grounds are stunning - even while wet !
that was worth the calories .
what a fun and affordable hotel in downtown phoenix !
love it !
all of it was delicious .
this is my favorite restaurant !
the show was fantastic !
reasonably priced and the ladies are so sweet .
great food !
good prices .
tonight i 'm trying the seafood enchilada and is really really good !
great iced tea as well .
will definitely be back .
they did a really good job .
the chicken pita pizza is amazing .
great lunch special !
it is locally owned and operated and you can definitely tell .
happy hour is great prices as well .
everything went smooth and very timely .
i have always loved this place and everyone i bring here loves it too .
i would have liked bigger portions , but the food was really good .
good place to come before a game .
for a concert arena it was really big and i liked it .
this would be a neat place to take kids to eat at .
the place is right next to pizzeria bianco .
i love the az science center .
the care was excellent .
best green chicken enchiladas i 've ever had in my life !
great service .
music is nice .
service is fairly decent .
we also ordered the chow main and that was good too .
heaven !
we both absolutely loved our food .
love love love !
absolutely love this place .
charming neighborhood eatery with friendly staff .
i love this place !
fun facts but the coupon got me down there saturday morning .
the portion sizes are decent too .
the pupusas were great .
i thought it was so nice of them !
friendly owners .
this place is great !
what a wonderful little place !
perfect blend of spice and all the other goodness .
fresh , spicy , flavorful , and their tortillas are soft and homemade .
not perfect , but so close !
this place is just a great little seafood joint .
food was amazing and the service was the same !
i will be returning & highly recommend !
tip : get here early -- it gets warm in the desert !
love this place !
the chihuly exhibit makes it worth another trip !
it was beautiful and we learned so much .
i got a cookie upon check in which was very nice .
the owners are super sweet and the food is super yummy !
every time i go it nothing but the best , food service and price !
good iron and board and bedding .
multiple sauces on the side and extra crispy .
definitely a good venue !
i feel like it 's a great community and id recommend it to anyone !
i highly recommend seeking this exhibit .
staff are very polite and make the experience much more enjoyable .
i visited this place two months ago and i had a great time .
i love this store !
it is a crime how much they charge you to play golf at papago .
wow !
very nice foods and very quick cooking .
great customer service !
when i walked in , the energy felt like a new place .
thanks cactus flowers !
great side dishes and great sandwiches all around .
it goes great with the deluxe chili cheese fries .
great atmosphere and had lots of parking too .
also enjoyed rice pudding and flourless chocolate cake .
victor is the new owner and he seems to be doing a wonderful job .
it 's a great place to get together with friends !
love this place and will continue to go !
the instructors were very encouraging .
it 's a great place to have breakfast or brunch .
try it , you 'll like it !
nice waitress .
perfect for a quick lunch .
everything is always great and super fast takeout !
but service makes up for it .
i fucking love it .
very friendly and welcoming even at 8:30 in the morning .
lucky for me , this place exists !
sun up is my favorite craft brewery in az .
the seasonal pale ale they have right now is amazing .
very pleasant experience : ) thank you phoenix skin !
i will definitely be back .
during dinner area is full and they usually have two servers .
one of the most amazing desserts the original pizza cookie .
makes even the most horrible restaurant experience ever , into an epic treat !
mixed drinks are fine .
absolutely the best pizza in az .
i 'll definitely be returning .
the sashimi is fresh also !
good stuff .
everything i ate was fresh and delicious !
: ) i will absolutely be back soon !
favorite spot that never let 's me down .
i had an awesome experience at andy 's collision center !
thank you again !
a friend recommended a & d and i 've been going there ever since .
what a gem !
great place to drink .
thanks again guys !
they have great equipment and everything is very clean and up-to-date .
overall , very chill , very nice .
highly recommended to anyone for bmw repairs .
i highly recommend for volvo nuts like myself .
great selection of breakfast items and friendly service .
ok , i think i 'm more than a fan of this place !
family-owned is a plus !
what an amazing vegan selection .
the menu has n't changed and the new atmosphere is a bit more upscale .
my mom and i had great service with crystal .
very fast and affordable .
also , everyone was very nice .
great people and friendly service .
they gave the best patty melt in town served new york style ... .
you will find everything you need !
the line was so long but i got through quick !
the prices are very reasonable !
delicious chili .
possibly some of the best catfish i 've ever tasted .
the experience was fairly good .
burgers are delicious .
moto is pretty high up there in the sushi world for me .
one of my favorite sushi hangouts .
love everything about this place .
they do not skimp on meat and the roll they use is so good .
definitely would be a regular at this spot .
very delicious and the waiter did a great job !
i 'm a fan .
they pile on the toppings , mmmm so good !
thier lighting and interior decorating adds to a feeling of cozy and secluded .
also love the beet salad and the ribs .
great place !
thank you so much !
he comes out looking great every time !
great experience !
bonus !
so , all-in-all , for a national chain , it 's quite good .
wide range of vegetarian options .
thank you so , so much !
got my engagement ring and wedding rings here .
wonderful job .
excellent , excellent , excellent !
definitely will be back .
food was good and tasty .
i love the ambiance of this place .
i positively love new mexican style cuisine and how spicy it can get .
the place is very popular .
it 's my favorite .
great food and service .
i 've ordered it several times and it is consistently good .
dined here for my graduation dinner !
the food was great .
highly recommended , had a fab little get away .
good breakfast and good housekeeping .
the vibe is really relaxed and we had a great time .
thank you cpk .
apple n greens is pretty darn tasty .
it is a dive but the food was really good .
he was funny , attentive and , personable .
prices are really reasonable as well making this the perfect salon .
they were all kind and very attentive .
i practically live here !
some lady at the gas station told me i should go to ace hardware .
wow what an amazing elite event !
wow is all i can say .
as always , a good experience .
friendly , happy guests and staff .
also check out gelato spot - which is across the street - for dessert .
great chai latte .
the red beans and rice were outstanding .
always do a great job , highly recommend .
for a lovely , delicious brunch with some class , check it out !
thanks guys !
the people here are great and courteous .
it would be great for a nice date .
fresh tortillas and mexican pastries made on site all very good .
yet , inside this place was just really nice .
these people are very honest .
the service was fantastic and the servers were very interactive and entertaining .
i 've bought so much from here for christmas gifts !
highly recommend this company for installation and customer service .
the best cake , cupcakes and cookies in town .
manuel 's is consistent .
i 'm a huge fan of this location .
right away .
the service is prompt and professional .
it was a perfect mix of slaw , fish & pickles .
came here for dinner with mom and bf - it was a great experience .
this place is amazing , they are friendly and honest .
everyone should experience this place at least once , it 's that good .
we will definitely be coming back !
how cool is that !
how great .
: ) best vegetarian restaurant in phoenix !
i appreciate their honesty .
thanks for a wonderful evening , ballet arizona !
the service is gracious ... .
we went back twice we liked it so much .
every employee at the salon had amazing hair so id trust them all !
awesome food !
food tasted as good as stuff from back east .
my mouth is watering just thinking about it right now .
good food , good service and beautiful surroundings .
the bouquets were delivered on time and they looked gorgeous !
fantastic service at every level .
best experience of my life !
i will definitely use them again .
comfy couches , chairs and tables .
we love the village !
i love breakfast .
i really enjoy coming here , but the parking sucks big time .
great beers on tap , and quick , happy servers .
love !
amazing pesto .
well , visit target for one thing .
as for the food , it is phenomenal !
but postino is even better than the sum of its parts .
i love the monday deal , it is genius .
came here with my girlfriend and my mom and left very satisfied !
service is always fabulous and the atmosphere rocks too .
the clever and eclectic decor , staff and menu always lives up to hype .
amazing food and atmosphere !
great ambience in particular if the doors are open to the outside .
i ordered the tomato and mozzarella as an entree , and it was delicious .
once again another wonderful experience at postino .
highly recommend them .
service and friendliness is hit and miss .
best bar in arcadia .
they were so friendly and fast .
great place for take out service weekly !
it 's delicious !
their mac n cheese was also really good .
this place is great - convenient hours , and awesome people !
best .
highly recommend !
absolutely delicious .
love everything about this place !
she brought me here because she also used to go there as a child !
this is one of our favorite thai places to eat .
in short great food , great price !
best spin class i 've ever taken .
love it !
their bike accessories are top notch .
they always fit me in at a moments notice because they really care .
they deliver too !
keep up the great job guys .
the owners are very friendly and make you feel welcome .
great italian food !
service was excellent .
the cute girl behind the counter recommended the maple bacon donut .
unexpectedly wonderful !
from their dinner chips with the delicious hot sauce to their amazing burritos .
the slightly spicey is the perfect mix for the slightly sweet sauce .
a true italian family restaurant , filled with heart .
it was a great dining experience and the atmosphere on the patio was wonderful !
very cute atmosphere .
food was great !
very friendly .
overall , the experience was good .
the staff was very honest with me about the repairs .
it was a delicious _num_ course meal .
the views were amazing .
i 'd defiantly go back to enjoy drinks , apps and the view !
they are pretty busy though , which is actually a good thing .
julia handled everything for me and my family .
so good .
thank you !
very nice .
love this place .
they serve great quality food .
so far so good .
pizza was very good , staff was friendly .
there was easy access from greenway and a clean parking lot .
the decor needs an update but the staff is super sweet and prompt .
best pedi i ever had !
she was amazing !
just came back for a visit and it 's still delicious .
this place does serve some pretty good pizza .
love this place and have been going for over _num_ years !
i order mine not too spicy here , because otherwise it is quite spicy !
it was well made , great tortilla and held together until the end .
a major home run !
i have been going here for years and they are consistently good .
the house salad was also quite good !
their cheesy garlic bread is also pretty good .
the service was fast and friendly and the food was delicious .
love it !
my boyfriend and i come here at least once a month .
very friendly members and staff .
it 's clean .
this is a great place to go and i would trust them thoroughly .
outstanding food and wonderful people .
excellent flavor .
i will eat here again and again and again !
highly recommended .
marina - who does manicures , pedicures and waxing is the best .
we will definitely be ordering again !
they are always helpful and answer all of our questions .
hannah also was great .
this place is amazing .
integrity is quick , efficient , and friendly completely worth your time and money .
the homemade salsa is excellent .
we love this banfield hospital .
also have fun selection of chocolate and candy .
great prepared foods .
cool jelly fish displays .
i would definitely recommend him to friends and family .
grinders , fried favorites , salads , ice cream , etc !
it is a good place for a special occasion .
we always want to recommend her and praise her work .
i bought my wedding dress here .
they have reasonable prices , and have superb customer service .
i love this place !
the people who work here are awesome !
i thought the pizza was great !
this place is clean and organized .
as good as first time .
so sweet and so handsome !
i moved to ca and upon my return i felt so welcomed back !
love this place !
this place is always freaking good .
i will definitely be back .
real small place .
love this place .
i highly recommend them !
i 'll happily return .
the special for today , camarones rancheros , was amazing !
the sauces are wonderful !
best of all , it 's affordable .
the prices are very reasonable .
good fresh food .
this is a very clean salon , which is really important to me .
it still looks perfect .
it was a pleasure to support a local specialty shop .
fantastic venue for the wedding party and guests alike .
first off they are open super early !
awesome person !
love the salon !
love the tempura and love the sushi !
the party ran very smoothly , and i did n't have to so anything .
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
she has a real talent .
we also got egg rolls !
the bartenders are generous with the alcohol .
pizza , salad and wings are always great .
they top off your drinks the entire meal !
the staff here is so friendly and helpful !
plenty of leftover for later : ) will most definitely return .
found this super cute , royal blue baby doll dress .
thoroughly recommend .
everyone was sooo nice and helpful !
pastrami sandwich is awesome .
i am totally impressed with the quality of the chorizo and tortillas .
spicy , salty deliciousness .
i love this place .
pros - this place is so good !
the service is quick and efficient .
best place in town i think .
i frequent many airports , and phx ranks pretty high .
eat , drink and be merry my friends !
phoenix sky harbor international airport rocks !
it 's easy to drive to as airports go .
the employees are great and are a great welcome to the phoenix area .
adopted my dog frank and here i volunteer here .
sign me up !
steaks were perfect .
bacon added extra .
first class set up and everyone enjoyed the event , food and racing .
i recommend # _num_ sub !
we went to turf paradise and it was a lot of fun .
great miniature golf .
excellent service and the peach cobbler is incredible !
i highly recommend at least trying it for a quick pick me up .
service is excellent and i will be back for future visits !
thanks yelp .
there is nothing fancy here but it is clean and bright and neat .
i took advantage of the jacuzzi in the morning along with nice complimentary coffee .
great bean and cheese burrito .
i had a great time .
authentic mexican food .
he is an awesome dr and recommend him to all my family and friends .
so for me to be raving about breakfast is a funny .
kelsey and nikki are so so great !
huge , great selection , terrific pots , friendly staff .
south mountain park is a great place to bring out of town guest .
phoenix , you are lucky to have this guy .
this places nigiri is amazing .
i had forgotten that this is an ahwatukee gem !
great happy hour for appetizers and drinks .
our service was great !
the food is awesome .
their techs are good and take the time to explain everything .
a solid lunch .
she is very knowledgable and always makes great recommendations .
great wine selection , friendly atmosphere and great happy hour specials .
as always amazing !
the food was fantastic and we enjoyed our time very much .
fun and new experience for me and boyfriend .
they just sell so many great items here .
this location has a great atmosphere and the staff attitudes are awesome as well .
patrick seemed very nice and knowledgeable .
wonderful staff .
great street tacos and hot sauce .
they also have great tamales .
morning torta is very good .
delicious street tacos !
come and check this place out ... your pets will thank you for it !
ample parking space available in the lot .
love this salon .
they give it to you in a few minutes .
if you are looking for an optometrist i highly recommend eye priority .
the service was excellent from the minute we walked up to the door .
: god bless with your success .
homemade mozzarella is amazing .
happy hour is _num_ to _num_ and offers great deals on wine and drafts .
very impressed with the service .
savor flavor has quickly become my new favorite place in ahwatukee .
the manager chris is super friendly and personable .
quite nice .
the kids will love it !
this place was great !
maybe next time will be better .
love the adorable garden center at the back of the store !
definitely a great nail salon .
they have free wifi and waitress was really nice !
their food is very , very good , though .
the staff and doctor are amazing !
yay guys on your customer service excellence !
you can tell she is an agent who goes above and beyond .
dr. wright and his team were sooo sweet , kind and gentle .
excellent food and service .
my kids love this place for their all you can ear sushi .
_num_ thumbs up !
pepperoni pizza and spaghetti with meatballs .
mary is vey knowledgable and professional .
fantastic pedicure !
yes , islands is a chain , but they do a good burger .
its perfect on a warm summer day !
great selection .
this is the greatest hang out spot to chill at .
all you can eat cod .
i love roy 's !
everything was delicious .
love this place !
nice folks running the place .
great pho , great service , everyone is always smiling !
it is always a great escape and experience .
you gave me peace of mind for the rest of my trip .
great spot for your nike fix .
can find some good prices here .
highly recommend .
the cheesesteak is the best i 've ever had .
staff is always friendly .
food was delicious .
the pricing is exceptionally reasonable .
the people are friendly , and the sandwiches are amazing .
i recommend this place to anyone !
pregnancy cravings !
very delicious .
all the food is spectacular and i will most definitely be coming back .
the gel man is last a strong _num_ weeks .
if youre into dive bars you definitely got ta hit this place .
this place kicks ass !
everything is amazing .
great turnaround time on repairs !
i would highly recommend them !
old place , great food !
they are amazing !
they have saved me quite a bit of money as well !
the princess mediterranean market & deli what a great place for lunch or dinner .
so happy i found this place .
incredibly tasty and worth every star !
everything we tried was tasty and had us very satisfied !
maintenance staff is great .
check it out !
happy every time !
pete was perfect .
very friendly and helpful staff .
love the off the menu option of mussels !
great bread as well !
great food as always .
great flavors , healthy , tons of protein .
best sushi by far .
they recently expanded and the place is beautiful !
i can confirm , best happy hour in the land .
great chain restaurant if it is one .
food itself was surprisingly delicious .
it 's quiet , clean and bug free .
everything made fresh ... and to order .
best whole in the wall burger joint in mesa , hands down .
we love this place .
the crew are friendly and eager to help .
i loved the initial meeting .
love starbucks !
best place i 've been for my dogs .
good job !
they 're very reasonably priced as well .
it is very good .
best burger i have ever had .
great taco chips , my wife loves their fajitas .
dr. hales and his team were very comforting and upbeat .
the staff really care and treat people with such great respect !
totally authentic .
a bit outdated but the hotel staff took great care of us .
the food and service were fine .
definitely made our experience even better .
thanks robert !
visiting from out of town and wanted a nice place to share a meal .
please come back to chandler !
i found it be pretty decent !
best and only place i 'll go to get my extensions !
i recommend them all the time .
great service and support as usual .
thank you !
i recommend and will be back if i need any alterations in the future .
their sonoran hot dogs are awesome and their other food is wonderful .
tj honestly does amazing work .
their food is excellent and the portions are large .
it was so flavorful , and the crust was amazing !
this is the best chicago style pizza in phoenix !
i 'm so happy with the whole experience !
david was always very nice and complimentary .
shit was good !
fast and tint looks perfect .
very pleased with the professionalism and work of this company .
i love this place !
stayed here for two nights , very quiet with no issues .
and the fried wonton appetizers are the best too !
the chicken katsu is great .
excellent .
this was our 3rd time there and it was awesome as always .
awesome biscuits and gravy .
thanks for staying consistently awesome !
the portions are huge and the ice is perfect !
the service and friendliness of the budget car rental staff were outstanding !
it is so well worth the wait .
they are very patient with questions and helpful .
good price , good food .
good job daniel !
service was good , but the taco salad was great .
very clean !
i would recommend them to anyone .
we enjoyed the mystery shack , the train ride and the mine tour .
the prices are low and for the most part , the quality is good .
easy on the onions .
the best is cookie jar on 2nd street .
one of the best ribeye 's i have ever had .
woot woot !
good sauce and toppings .
we also enjoyed our server bc she is definitely one hard working woman .
this place is amazing .
they love being teachers .
easily the best pizza i 've had in the valley .
they also have tasty wings and garlic knots .
their potstickers and lo mein are excellent .
fast and friendly .
the nail techs are friendly .
this place is awesome !
she looks great !
anyways , everything was delicious while the toppings and sauce being not too heavy .
the back patio is a great spot to meet friends and grab a drink .
i always take to go their chips , salsa , and bean dip .
good store for browsing .
all their dishes are great so do n't be worried about ordering something new .
pho was so good , especially if you like deep flavoring stock .
i love this place wo n't go anywhere else .
two words : huge calzones .
very family-friendly , casual .
good service .
the price is the best .
nice ambiance !
great hours .
this is my favorite chinese food spot , it is family owned and run .
it is so close but yet so far !
the waitress was very very nice and very good .
love pita jungle !
our server jen was amazing as well !
i love their prime rib .
great coffee !
good food .
i really liked this place .
the food and service has been consistently good .
excellent tacos el pastor and fresh tasty salsa .
best jamba juice i 've been to .
great place to hold private events .
i always get something yummy here .
we always have friendly & prompt service as well .
good services and reasonable prices .
the spicy bloody mary 's are nice and they have very creamy crepes .
they were super friendly , talkative , and created some really delicious tasty goodness .
cute place with good food , appropriate music and good service .
it would be a great place for a good first impression on a date .
going for the gold !
the fried rice is another good staple .
nice job guns etc ... ... .
true definition of a local joint !
jason was my massage therapist and he was fantastic .
every course was perfection and the service was incredible .
they cleaned and pressed my partner 's hugo boss suit in a pristine manner .
their magic bars have stayed consistent .
the price is good too .
good food at reasonable prices for the area .
_num_ % off everything !
chris is awesome and friendly perfect for my non morning person attitude .
i definitely enjoy coming here !
the most authentic mexican food ran by the most warm and amazing family .
quite honestly jeff made our bed buying experience incredible .
a friend of a friend recommended using walker painting .
these guys are great !
great menu .
it 's all in the name !
perfect for football season !
sushi happy hour anyone ?
i love this place for coffee and a roll .
very good food .
food is awesome though !
each of us got our own tortillas and condiments so really great deal .
this is my favorite baja fresh in the area .
staff friendly and food was good .
service is great too .
after our meal steve offered free deserts to our entire table .
the community is very organized and everything runs smooth .
the steaks are also good .
the steak was the best i 've had in a long time .
so this is actually one of my best places to go for happy hour .
service has always been good and there are a couple servers that are exceptional .
other than that , great shop !
overall , it was a nice restaurant .
i 'm a super fan of their mongolian steak .
togo is an option as well .
i love places like this with great food and great staff .
good people and great work .
wow , quite an extensive menu for both american & mexican fare .
thanks to this amazing group .
good food !
but i 'll keep coming back .
they currently offer _num_ % off all services ... made a great deal !
i would highly recommend this place for great sushi !
it 's my favorite sushi place in the east valley .
convenience and assistance with packaging and shipping options .
also recommend the beef sandwich , which comes juicy , tangy , and messy .
they gave good size , flavorful portions and the service was friendly .
thank you !
the dentist is very nice and patient .
chicken chimichanga very good nice and moist chicken .
excellent food , friendly service .
excellent staff , beautiful office , highly recommend !
delightful .
my favorite part was the bread , so fresh and delicious .
the breakfast is the best .
all great places for food .
so much better than fighting people for table space .
enjoy .
the food is fresh and amazing .
good sized reasonable portions .
also love that they have seating assistance .
all the dishes we ordered was excellent .
he knows his business very well .
it was very tasty .
fresh food , generous portions .
small inside , but worth the wait .
new favorite !
by far the best lunch spot in town .
greeted right as you walk in , service very friendly .
the philly was awesome as well and the bread is delicious .
good people get high reviews .
nice location , new shop also .
small inside & parking is tight but it is worth it .
great place to spend the day with the kiddos .
loved the free chips and salsa !
i would highly recommend this practice .
flavorful and fresh !
very good !
their food is so tasty .
comfy outdoor seating is an added plus .
you definitely need to go here .
the best pizza i 've ever had .
this deep dish pizza is great .
truly a treasure !
did a short tour of this fun park .
love this park !
she 's got a no pressure style , she 's very helpful and informative .
good sandwiches , good smoothies , good service , and not too expensive either !
this is a great spot for a cute meal at a great price .
i must admit , the steaks are prepared deliciously !
excellent wine selection , it 's just a tad snooty for my liking .
she is fantastic !
favorite mexican fast food !
lunchtime sushi !
this place is excellent .
both are knowledgable about the trees , options , care needed , etc .
that is a huge plus in my book .
food is great !
any time it was not perfection , they always made it right immediately !
awesome ribs !
the ambiance is upscale but you can still feel comfortable in casual attire .
i 've been here twice and happy with my breakfast each time .
food was great- even friends agreed .
the overall facility is clean , well staffed , with a relaxing atmosphere .
i will seek this spot out again .
hats off for exceptional customer service !
so you can shop til you drop .
oh yes and the service is excellent too !
_num_ stars for going above and beyond and the delicious food .
love love love this place .
great old school italian sandwiches .
the fries that came with the meal were nice and crispy .
_num_ stars and this is my new favorite place for breakfast .
well ... those were completely wrong !
very professional and kind ... .
a definite win .
he was wonderful and very patient with me .
jeannie is very friendly and does a wonderful job on nails .
nothing fantastic but it does the trick .
the staff is very nice and helpful .
this is my all time favorite restaurant !
the inside has a great vibe and is relaxing .
the drinks are amazing !
this office is truly wonderful .
thank you !
best chicago style pizza you can get in town .
a little pricey , but good .
fantastic .
their patio is beautiful .
we got fried calamari appetizer that was amazing .
love this place and the owner .
the homemade coffee cake is also incredibly rich and delicious .
nothing but a great result .
friendly service .
everything lovely .
found the perfect pair but they 're a bit tight ?
i would recommend this location to anyone !
love erica !
the practice range was top notch and the restaurant tasty .
first time visiting this restaurant .
the servers are prompt , courteous and drop dead gorgeous .
great wings too ... best i 've had since moving here to az !
i would recommend ruth without a doubt !
stopped in today while waiting for a haircut next door , wow !
i love this place .
nice atmosphere and a delicious meal .
lots of dressing rooms and the staff is very attentive .
i also love the veggie tempura !
very competent and i 'm picky !
she is my favorite and always does a flawless job .
very nice shop .
the waitress was very nice and very helpful .
he had veal parmigiana ... both great .
loved it !
they are great about making you exactly what you want .
everything was delicious with the staff being totally awesome !
place is really colorful and well kept on the inside .
awesome service on a sunday afternoon !
this was a great experience with hays cooling and heating !
and the loaner car makes me feel like family !
thursday nights lesson is west coast swing !
tasty sushi .
it was recommended to me by some friends .
salads were all delicious .
the menu is definitely authentic .
so , a year after posting my review for dr .
beginning with the nurse practitioner julie was very professional and informative .
friendly folks .
i have found the staff to be helpful and friendly .
she is very professional and will tell you how something looks best .
i love this place !
their veal is always primo and their chicken parmigiana is the best in town .
and they were all so happy !
he is the best !
i ordered the fish tacos which were excellent - fresh and light .
steve at the scottsdale location is the best .
it 's a fun place to socialize and have fun with your friends .
the man there is quite knowledgeable and great to chat with !
great quality of meat and breads and the cookies are so so awesome !
love lox , stock !
they do the basics well .
love our neighborhood zipps .
the staff here are so kind and dawn is the greatest tech ever .
the regular menu is wonderful but a bit pricey on spots .
very nice atmosphere and rooms .
perfect for those traveling with family .
the service was very good , food arrived quickly , and it was delicious .
it was fabulous and tasty !
nice that they offer to do that and get you what you need !
most recently , i got a birthday cake for my son 's birthday party .
there is usually a good crowd and a wait time to get a table .
great service and huge salads .
one of the best places to get a pizza in scottsdale .
thanks steve and the pharmacy team !
north scottsdale animal hospital is the best !
pizza is great - steaming hot when it was brought to the table .
love the school and the coaches !
good work !
awesome place !
it 's pretty dynamic space .
i love this place !
kids having a blast learning some skills .
bring a friend and enjoy their company while you munch and drink .
we also found dream customer service .
they came out hot and fresh , and delicious !
bicycle ranch is an excellent place for both the novice and serious riders alike .
i highly recommend .
standard chipotle fair , and the service is fast , efficient and very friendly .
friendly regulars .
absolutely a miracle woman she takes her time and is perfection !
we have been going there for years and even our japanese friends liked it .
absolutely the best service pricing and quality you can get !
the location is cute , clean and up to date .
greg is definitely one of the top bmw mechanics in the country .
the house dressing is fantastic .
wishing you guys many more years of success !
the menu is broad pub food executed very well .
ca n't recommend them enough !
jon gave us the best price and advice was excellent .
the place is always super clean and the staff is very friendly .
i would highly recommend her to anyone .
great atmosphere , beer and their chicken rolls are so yummy !
one our favorite local places to go .
shrimp bisque was outstanding .
portions are quite large which is good if your starving !
everyone here is awesome !
amazing customer service and very friendly staff .
super fresh bread , meat , ingredients .
the food is really good .
the enchilada was decent .
thanks , guys !
great location .
she is amazing at do my hair extensions .
as good as it gets in a resort .
it is pretty much addicting .
love the new menu .
i received a gift certificate for an hour massage here .
the staff was very friendly and accommodating .
very cool atmosphere and very friendly & quick staff .
ask for extra sauce and it will be even more delicious .
the owner is also a really great woman .
natalie greeted us at the door and immediately got us into our spa chairs .
service good and food good .
sam and his staff are absolutely fantastic !
from start to finish this was the best at ever .
or the minestrone soup is good too !
always a super friendly staff with some really high end products .
all around very good and man the food was served fast !
so good !
my favorite mall in az !
thank you all at honeymoon sweets !
staff is nice , place is neat , and food is great !
my kids love this place !
the staff at this location was super friendly as well .
and good prices .
good coffee .
the employees are always professional & kind .
great place for mongolian bbq .
extremely friendly and helpful people who work here .
the bartender was friendly and fast , and the drinks were strong and reasonable .
loved this location !
well , this salon is exactly what i was looking for .
very impressed with their efficiency .
they have wonderful coffee and other drinks .
very knowledgeable and honest .
venezia 's has the best boneless ( and regular ) wings in town .
good dude !
the pizzas are amazing the the prices are fair .
the food is amazing and the owners are charming to a fault !
it was tasty food prepared simply and very inexpensive .
these guys are the best .
great food !
the staff is beyond friendly , very prompt , and always delivers excellent service .
wings are probably some of the best in the valley !
omg so delish !
best beans in the world !
in terms of gas stations i like this one the best .
this is just one of the best places of business in existence !
i love the set up .
we asked for the food very spicy , and it was exactly that .
the massage chairs are new and so comfortable .
friendly staff , and entertaining regulars .
this is a hidden gem in tempe .
the food is delicious and portions are huge !
love love love this place !
wonderful and honest service that was very much appreciated .
the value is amazing for everything you get .
love their fries too .
ted 's is definitely my first choice for a good hot dog .
i recommend them .
it 's a tempe gem .
had an excellent selection for its buffet .
amazing service !
great work , acura of tempe !
they do awesome work and in a timely manner .
her studio is clean and very well taken care of .
mike , the store manager , was great .
great facility .
love b of a !
the store is always clean , the staff is fast but friendly .
real people doing a great job .
our server martin took great care of us .
highly recommend .
my family loves christ life church .
we had a very good experience .
they are very honest , which is not always easy to find .
fresh sushi .
i can appreciate that they label some of their dishes `` gourmet '' .
they also cleaned up the rooms after each day .
super helpful and knowledgable .
this starbucks is just great !
the theater itself is always clean and is so , so comfortable .
the spa chairs were exceptional and the salon is clean and well kept .
they are very inexpensive , have good food and are fast !
the drs are really amazing and make you feel comfortable .
everything tasted fresh and the prices were very reasonable .
customer service is excellent here !
new to the neighborhood and i think we found our favorite chinese food !
i would recommend this place to anyone who asks .
better than most .
we absolutely love japan express !
it 's nice that they offer deals a lot on daily deal sites too .
the staff is very nice , smiling and happy attitudes .
even though it looked sketchy from outside and in , their food was excellent .
recommend !
it 's affordable , casual mexican food .
very fast and the food is so good .
he is literally the greatest .
good food , great staff , good variety .
super !
i was pleasantly surprised the first time i came to this salon .
they have state of the art equipment and excellent customer service !
it was soft , fresh , and creamy .
their black bean beef was excellent !
staff are really friendly , kind , curteous and understanding .
thank you for watching and caring for our kids !
the location is great and this place carries a ton of great products !
chicken poblano is my favorite but the baja sauce on anything is a treat .
the service is friendly and quick .
love ya tj dont ever change !
it gets packed in there for ufc fights so show up early !
i love this store , shop here on a semi regular basis .
she took her time and did a nice job !
i will definitely be coming back to this place .
i like places that let me `` make my own '' dinner .
the prices are very fair for sushi .
our favorite sushi place !
excellent !
my daughter always picks this restaurant to celebrate her birthday .
thanks brunswick !
service was decent , quick to bring out the food , and reasonably attentive .
this location by far has the best customer service .
i have had the pork egg food young also and it is equally delicious .
i love this place !
verdict : taco tuesday rocks , but eat it in-house while super fresh .
they are truly a full service and thorough operation .
amazing bartender jake will take of you with yummy food and great drinks .
great deli lunch sandwiches too .
great service , yummy food !
facilities are clean and kid friendly .
you know a place is good when there is always a line .
recommend !
love everything from their menu .
it 's delicious and reasonable .
father 's day dinner and was crowded but service was on it !
love this place and lovely staff !
i am in love with this place !
and i got it .
service is beyond good every time i go .
overall everything was good .
this is probably one of my favorite things on their menu .
they have happy hour on sunday while the football games are showing .
a big plus is that it is in the mall .
the food court is very large with a decent selection of food .
and they 've added some new foods !
the special comes with egg drop soup and two crab puffs .
always friendly staff and helpful .
the mixed berry pie with crumb topping is incredible .
all i can say is wow .
great staff !
i love this chilis !
he helped us at every stage of design , including diamond selection .
keep up the good work !
i love going there .
we feel that they treat all their patients as if they were their own !
always have good bands on sat nights .
can always count on s & s !
after living here two years , i have found my veterinarian !
i would highly recommend them .
excellent vacation !
great time !
will be going back again soon !
it 's cool to be able to feed the giraffes too .
we were impressed with the size and number of animals .
excellent service , friendly , knowledgable , attentive , but not annoying .
but inside it 's really has a nice set up .
great at fast food chinese .
sales staff very helpful - installers prompt and very professional .
love it .
thats costumer service !
they have a new customer in the future !
just awesome !
great shop !
the facility is pretty big and the place is family-friendly .
best subway i 've been to in a while .
always good food and good service when i 'm come here .
everything tasted great and presented very well .
michael t , was a great waiter !
my family and i come here very often !
love my sweet tomatoes !
great place to grab a cup of coffee or find a good book .
the food was great.
great meal and friendly staff .
the service , ambiance , and food here are always fantastic .
every visit , every time ; this place has it together .
fun place for a night out with friends .
best hooters on the west side of town !
i always go back for more !
almost anything is good in the menu .
and i almost do amazing food and quality is always constantly amazing .
it is worth your trip !
awesome .
the atmosphere is exciting and i always have a blast when i 'm there !
anyway - _num_ stars for great customer service !
service is outstanding and very accommodating .
i chose this as my mother 's day dinner and i was n't disappointed .
overall a good place to eat .
very enjoyable golf experience !
great family owned business .
the refried beans are good too .
service was friendly and courteous .
the best burger we have had for a long , long time !
this mcdonald 's venue is about as great as mcdonald 's can get .
sales person was helpful , knowledgeable , and friendly .
thank you prestige dental !
i love this place .
i must say mom and i thoroughly enjoyed our jesse 's pizza experience .
it is still worth checking out .
thanks for making my stay as comfortable as possible .
very nice job , city of henderson !
the cashier was wonderful !
laura is quite the superstar in my opinion .
always a treat to shop here !
great price .
he was great with my son and made him feel comfortable .
but sometimes the experience makes the stars .
club house staff is always very friendly .
thank god for this place .
first of all , the servings are huge !
this place is amazing !
they are professional and on point .
fun environment , delicious desserts , and awesome service .
bacon - perfect & crispy ... .
and i 'm full !
thank you don !
i will continue to shop here .
seated right away .
jason was exceptional .
the manager michael was completely hospitable and made sure our dining experience was perfect .
great quality food .
highly recommend .
i enjoyed the very fast and pleasant customer service .
this was a little gem i found right by my house .
they make you feel very welcome .
michael is great !
staff is very friendly and helpful .
always a great deal .
prices where decent and holiday sales helped as well .
they are kind and trustworthy .
this was our first time here and the family enjoyed their dishes .
it was out of this world , crazy good !
it 's nice to see familiar faces that also happen to remember our faces .
their portion sizes are decent and so are the prices .
after going for _num_ months beautiful bouquet is definitely my new permanent florist .
sunday morning project classes are fantastic .
thank you nicole !
pleasant decor , tasty food , massive servings and rock bottom prices .
pretty much the best steak and meal and service so far in vegas .
all the staff were pleasant and approachable .
best team , definitely deserve recognition for their outstanding customer service !
i will definitely be back .
thanks again for your professional and courtesy service .
they have great customer service and friendly staff .
thank you scott !
we arrived here after a long drive and the food was definitely worth it !
this is our favorite thai spot when shopping at galleria mall .
price reasonable .
nice variety of drink options .
food and service were top notch here .
thanks to this location , and please do n't change !
clean rooms , great staff , variety of places to eat inside the hotel .
mark and brandon are really helpful .
definitely happy with the stop i made !
happy hour goes til 6pm , and they have a few drink specials .
the wait staff & support was amazing .
our server jesus was really sweet and had a great sense of humor !
the waiter was extremely entertaining and full of joy !
a little pricey but definitely worth the trip !
the food is great .
the ranch is the best also .
all staff is very professional , friendly and positive .
he 's the best !
i love the steak quesadilla and the burritos are big !
she was born and raised there so she knows real thai flavors .
otherwise you will be waiting a while .
burgers are the best !
friendly , and the artichoke dip is to die for !
the man who did my spa pedi was friendly and spoke english !
i rarely order off the menu due to the amazing daily special items .
especially love the veal dishes ... ... ... .
lemon gelato was the perfect ending .
so far so good .
love their white pizza .
service was great .
manager ron is nice .
i 'll gladly eat it .
i love this place .
ramon is my preferred barber and he does a wonderful job .
the work is amazing .
friendly staff and great food .
would recommend it to anyone , and will go back again .
be prepared to share due to big portions !
great , above and beyond , service by a very friendly staff !
this woman has made living at this complex absolutely wonderful .
the store is very clean and the staff is very friendly .
a terrific , family-owned dry cleaners .
the staff is top notch .
the lasagna was good .
try anything really , it 's all good !
the best place in henderson for sushi .
the two layers of beef in the beef teriyaki made it worth .
favorite sushi restaurant in town .
garlic edamame to start is a must .
what a great place to come have sushi when you 're in the area .
had the burning your stomach roll and it was enjoyable .
what a great meal !
love this place .
mmmmm corners !
i come here pretty regularly and the food is consistently fresh and tasty .
great service no waiting .
what a classy place !
solid visit every time i decide to stop by .
i 'm shocked at the negative reviews here , i love this place .
spicy carrot & jalapeno bar .
great job and it wo n't cost you an arm and a leg .
great sense of humor with everyone in this place .
my _num_ yrs old just finish with her braces and her teeth are beautiful .
my boyfriend and i eat here all the time as well .
their prime rib is also excellent .
i had the pot roast meal that was absolutely amazing !
came here with my sweetie .
the lobby is amazing.
you will never find a place like this in las vegas !
the food was delicious .
service = super fast !
i always get extra noodles and meatballs .
so yummy !
kinda like jack in the box tacos great when drunk not so great sober .
love this place !
worth to try !
i definitely recommend the rare steak soup and their egg rolls !
fast , friendly service , hot , fresh , delicious food .
the server was great and the food was even better .
i always get consistent service that is decent .
love their flowers , definitely best designers in town .
it 's fast food that 's authentic and worth every calorie .
my nails come out nice and the owner is really friendly .
definitely recommend this particular starbucks location because the outdoor seating is nice .
i went for happy hour and it was amazing !
noodles were exceptional .
definitely recommend !
great service .
i would recommend this venue to anyone !
everything was great from the beginning .
4/5 would eat again and recommend .
i love my new tattoo and so does everyone i show it to .
i 've been a fan for years !
fast , inexpensive and professional .
the owner rick is very personable and makes it pleasant to eat here .
jewelry prices are great and they work good deals .
highly recommended .
thank you !
bread is slightly chewy on the outside , soft and moist on the inside .
the spam musubi was perfect and at a good price !
food is always good .
wow !
good luck getting him on the phone though !
love this place !
good service !
wonderful experience shopping at this location .
the service is great , and the food is great .
it was an odd combination but it was fantastic !
the atmosphere is fun and friendly .
the food here is fantastic !
over all the room was great and the restroom was fantastic .
one of the great things about this place is that it 's open late .
it 's seriously a step into some corner of japan .
great late night eat !
wide selection of food .
they can always do most specials any day .
the service was also excellent .
these guys are the best !
fun place !
this place is doing it right !
we loved the place .
the staff was very nice and i was seen right away .
nice people and cook your food to your liking .
i came here three years ago and it was great .
best service i have ever had !
definitely going back when we are in vegas again !
staff was courteous and friendly .
the food was seriously delicious , and the service was super friendly !
love love love this place !
the staff is friendly and on top of their game .
they have an interesting assortment of omelets to choose from .
lobster omelette , okay !
the food was outstanding and very filling .
best value for the money .
_num_ quality service and product !
the people are just great and very friendly .
great barber and great prices here ... .
go get one !
the best ive ever had !
the store was clean , organized and just a pleasure to wander around in .
ricardo z is your man !
good price too , lower than most of the competition .
our return trip was just as wonderful .
highly recommend !
this place is a hidden gem .
the shrimp fried rice with tofu added was amazing .
from a business owner in the service industry these guys are amazing .
excellent service .
this place is great !
great great great place !
food was pretty good and a good banh for your buck .
hands down the best hawaiian and korean in town .
the hosts were really nice and kept on providing refills of kimchi .
wally 's is awesome !
this place is wonderful !
highly recommend !
best deal for milk tea !
vegan donuts !
great donuts , that said donuts are hard to screw up !
best doughnut i ever had in town .
absolutely the best !
nice atmosphere and friendly people .
great late night delivery !
the services are alway friendly .
our chef , hurricane pho , was awesome and fun .
the staff was very nice and attended to our table often .
the best bar food i 've had in a long time .
great breakfast , worth a trip and you know , i 'll be back !
huge selection of pancakes and waffles .
front desk staff is friendly .
the meal was delicious .
sweet & sour shrimp : spot on , shrimp was cooked perfectly .
the kung pao was amazing too .
food is always fresh and great !
the girl that took our order is nice and patient .
there food is reasonably priced , and good for lunch .
i love this place !
highly recommended !
kudos to all !
either way i had a really good night .
the pictures and video came out great too .
other than that , it was good .
voted vegas best diner .
she is a great asset to the company .
i will be back here very soon !
i will frequent the upcoming summer months - you should too !
awesome .
everyone is always nice and that 's what 's so great about it .
pizza and cheesesteaks are amazing too !
cool laid back ambience .
not expecting much , we had a great time !
pizza hut !
economical , tasty , and right on the strip near the stratosphere .
the food was amazing !
i crave this place every week .
i will always go to them when i need work !
the only thing better the food was the service , our waiter was great .
it 's great with coffee or a late night snack .
the meat and toppings were so fresh and tasty .
and the chips and salsa is a must .
super cool place !
the lunch and dinner specials are great deals .
will definitely keep going back .
i love this place !
this is now both of our favorite restaurant in las vegas .
everything was extremely flavorful and absolutely delicious !
come here and meet the wonderful folks and tour the beautiful facilities .
thank you dan !
i 'm so happy with my experience at the chapel of flowers .
always a delish place to eat !
great place to grab a drink while waiting for lotus of siam to open .
always an awesome meal found at this location .
and everything else on the menu is always a good choice .
maintenance crew always on top of service orders .
he answered all of our questions thoughtfully and i trust his responses wholeheartedly .
i just moved to las vegas from los angeles .
wonderful store with great selection and great owners !
not a bad place at all to go and get a fresh cut !
over all very impressed with this location .
what a great decision that was !
fantastic time !
everyone was super friendly and professional .
i would highly recommend giving her a try .
it is an interesting lay out .
great thai food and generous portions !
i love thai food and this is my go-to place .
generous amount of asian pumpkin chunks which were tasty .
but the flavors were good and a little pricy .
thank you guys .
tacos are a great value .
the staff are very nice and very accommodating .
the shrimp is delicious .
it did however taste wonderful .
cooked perfectly .
this place was everything delicious !
it taste just as amazing every time .
will come here again !
all and all im definitely coming back and would recommend to others .
everyone here is so nice and they seem to love their job .
i 'll have to come back and try dinner !
sandwiches are big and delish !
everyone 's really friendly and informed .
thanks to my local vegas friend for the pickup and delivery service !
two of my kids have gone to school here and they love it .
i can definitely see this replacing my usual loaf .
thanks chef neal !
a huge convention is in town !
i would highly recommend sierra !
for $ _num_ it is a great meal .
thanks !
they do a really good job on my nails .
great tour of the grand canyon and hoover dam .
she is great .
love than pancakes and bacon here !
the decorations are nice and traditional to breakfast places .
their lunch portions are very tasty and perfect portion size .
food here is fresh and tasty .
good selection of chinese dishes .
this is a great company .
pretty damn good .
will continue to come back .
pros : it 's off the strip quite a ways which was nice .
family owned , and knows how to treat their guests .
they have all the standard chinese food and some unique dishes as well .
the staff is always nice and the facility is always clean .
owners are super friendly !
billy bob 's steakhouse is a true hidden gem .
but other than that everything else was great .
very satisfied with the installation of my new home alarm system .
father joe is amazing and inspiring .
dishes .
keep up the great work .
what a great girl time .
good prices !
customer service is extraordinary at trader joes !
his office facilities are beautiful .
dr mike is so calm and reassuring when he speaks with you .
this place is quiet , quaint , friendly clean and reasonable .
thank you to all the nurses and doctors .
take the time to dine in ... always tastes better .
food is always fresh and delicious .
dr. kim is amazing !
it is true about waiting for your appointment .
consistent and wonderful service and food !
wow .
girl you are awesome .
price is decent .
bring in some food and you 're set !
dr. cynthia was honest and gentle .
overall , the place is really beautiful inside .
they genuinely take care of you and make sure you like your nails !
this place was good and found this on the internet .
the presentation is beautiful .
all of the employees were super nice and attentive .
i got the salmon skin salad and arizona roll .
tried this new place today with my family .
thanks to silver stare schools i was finally helped .
perfect place for any meal .
great views and ambiance .
we had such a great experience !
very tasty ... .
it 's a good deal and i think you get what you pay for .
it was delicious .
i love this place !
both the staff and the doctors have always been very pleasant and professional .
so yummy !
delicious .
i love this place !
it was warm , and delicious !
the food here is always right .
but friendly staff and pretty quick service !
probably the best ribs i 've ever had .
loved the atmosphere ... it reminded me of old vegas style steak house .
oh well !
she had beer and i had wine , both delicious .
love their service , always friendly and always polite .
great and most impressive concession offerings .
enjoy !
good food , great service & decent prices !
great casino , friendly staff and awesome restaurants !
the tour guide was incredible .
i will definitely come back here and be a regular .
very clean bathrooms !
she is simply the best !
this is a great salon with great people .
this gym is awesome .
however , their tomato and cucumber salad was delicious and refreshing .
i love this place !
it 's decent and an okay change of scenery from the typical pt stop .
er is always clean and staff is so nice .
since this place is near my work , i enjoy it .
and as always she was very happy to hear from me .
it 's authentic chinese food .
i crave this !
so so so so yummy i love it !
the service at cadillac of las vegas is always great .
arnold and jamie are great !
great food .
my wife and i are very happy we went with desert springs .
fast service and quality sushi .
the location was good and right across from the mgm !
a very functional , yet charming venue in spring mountain .
best pho in vegas .
a few arcade games and a jukebox to entertain while you wait .
great customer service .
the ambiance is inviting and the staff very friendly .
the waitress was cool !
always good quality , clean , and smell free .
their bacon is also very good .
friendly staff .
thanks mike !
i love coming here on _num_ piece tuesdays !
it took a few minutes and they were extremely nice .
is super super friendly , and my massage was absolutely fantastic .
they give you the food and you pay .
hidden gem on charleston !
great chicken cheese steak .
we ordered the pepperoni pizza and garlic knots ... both had great flavor .
great food and friendly service .
as far as the purchasing experience , it was good .
very fast clean work great customer service got my dart taken care of proper .
highly recommended !
they were very flexible and offered a great deal .
i was helped by russell who found a nail in one of my tires .
excellent business to bring your repairs to .
would highly recommend it to anyone that needs a smog check !
at $ _num_ seems expensive but well worth every penny .
john is one of my favorite people on earth .
delicious !
but the price is right and the people are friendly .
they have a great selection .
wow just wow !
i will definitely be back !
and the people are actually friendly & happy to be working here .
they are all amazing .
great steak and prime rib !
i did their delivery option and the food was fresh and hot !
this place is soooo delicious .
great new menu !
love splash pool service !
they have good machine along with shuffle board and golden tee .
drink prices are decent and i love the karaoke every other sunday .
i think it 's the crust , super tasty , chewy , delicious .
worth it for a special night out ( anniversary , etc . )
the atmosphere of the church is very fun .
as a vegetarian , i have always found plenty of choices on the menu .
came during oktoberfest time and loved their oktoberfest beer .
a lot of choices on the menu and all looked tasty .
the sunday supper is also great .
the manager is always funny and nice .
it is seriously like a dream come true .
i would definitely eat here again !
this was a really interesting space .
thanks , all !
mike & tony 's are the best gyros ever !
my boyfriend and i made friends with two different parties of people .
just cool locals .
the drinks are strong .
and the price is right !
great onion rings .
service is also good .
sweet , personal service .
but , overall fun environment .
i appreciate that honesty !
we just loved being there !
alex was a great host and cook !
big lincoln is the best morning after breakfast in pittsburgh hands down .
picked up macaroons , fresh , lovely flavor options .
you have an excellent view of downtown .
decent prices , amazing view , good drinks and apps !
overall a pretty good happy hour destination .
wonderful meal !
very expensive , but very much worth it .
one of the best meals i 've had !
it has an amazing view to go along with the delicious food we had .
al is the most honest mechanic i 've ever gone to .
good food , check , fun cocktails , done .
easy peasy !
i had the chicken lo mein and bubble tea ; i 'm definitely satisfied .
he ( and everybody else there ) really knows what they 're doing .
it comes with sprinkles , bits of cake , and frosting -- so delicious .
all the workers there are great !
one of my favorite late-night spots in pittsburgh .
nothing too flashy , but it 's always clean and the baristas are friendly .
good prices .
i 'm so thankful for this park !
awesome mani .
homemade pasta melted in my mouth !
the bubble teas are also wonderful .
just as i remembered it in college , filling and satisfying .
great selection , great people and great prices .
love their desserts , my favorite is the blueberry bars .
thanks for such great service !
yes , i will definitely be going back !
highly recommend .
the people at the desk are always friendly , nice and understanding .
never have i seen a chain diner where the food is so consistently good .
really one of the best pizza places i 've ever been to .
i tried the pumpkin curry with tofu ; it was amazing !
everything we 've tried is always well cooked , hot , and tastes good .
the best pizza in pittsburgh besides vincent 's pizza park .
meet him twice and he knows your name and what you like .
rich but not overwhelming and flavorful .
you 'll see a lot of high school and college students in here .
affordable price !
this restaurant/bar was the perfect fit .
grand concourse is an old train station turned fancy restaurant .
great sandwiches !
we found an amazing deal on priceline .
this place is super nice .
learned so much about this great city .
he was hilarious and he brought our food quickly .
great selection of food .
great coffee , was n't over crowded and the staff were friendly and efficient .
they have specials only on sundays which are always so delicious .
i have never been here for anything other than breakfast but it is great .
this place is huge inside and great for a large gathering .
the price tag to go with it is understandable when you have the food .
consistently good traditional americanized chinese food .
they are n't in cages , they fly and wander in natural surroundings .
still it is certainly worth the walk and the visit !
one game won !
truly awesome .
great selection of foods , from healthy to good ole southern cookin .
we try to take out-of-towners here for good food and fun .
wow !
super clean and staff was wonderful .
it 's always a good experience .
top quality service that is honest and dependable .
owners are great .
huge selection of clothes .
u rock !
what a wonderful experience .
consistently great food and good service .
food was great .
dr. miller and his staff are amazing .
we 've ordered take out and the quality is just as good .
the quality of work is amazing .
good hamburgers and very good steak sandwich .
by far , this is the best thai in charlotte .
both locations have great food .
great service , great result .
ca n't remember what my wife had , but she liked it a lot .
i love having brunch here on autumn sundays with girlfriends !
this place is great !
great place to go .
great alternative to my usual burrito stops .
love their mimosas as well .
best wine selection in charlotte .
i could laugh for days at one section with humorous cards .
so close i can walk .
this is about the best friend chicken you can find .
it has been there for years and famous in charlotte .
unique pizza and great wings at this trendy pizza place .
awesome service , and incredible food !
great place for doing official type things .
well , in the area but its a great place !
this was the best iced latte i have had since being in charlotte .
michael treated my friend and i very kindly .
food great .
favorite of mine - honey pecan chicken .
service was attentive and fast .
also delicious !
check it out if you 're in the south end !
service was good .
crisp & fresh , just the right amount of dressing and absolutely delicious !
dana and mark are always super friendly and helpful .
my favorite is the epic tuna burrito !
i enjoyed the food and atmosphere from the first time i visited .
definitely worth the $ _num_ !
great selection of beers .
awesome service .
the amount you pay and the amount of food you get is worth it .
i would recommend this place over and over again !
friendly service , decent parking .
i love the common market .
love the employees .
this particular store has a lot to offer .
the food is very good .
highly recommended if you 're in the mood for good old fashioned comfort food !
we 've eaten here many times and the food and service is always outstanding .
they fixed her right up and was very informative .
check it out if you are in the hood .
seating was nice and comfortable , inside was cozy .
great coffee , great ambiance , great staff - i never want to leave !
much love !
die .
great service and food .
and ... the prices are pretty decent !
the sound is really good & i love being so close to the performers .
this awesome drive in is a spot we hit sometimes coming back from golf .
the food is good .
big ups to pho hoa !
the staff is very friendly and i love that .
omg - their steak is seasoned so well , love it .
best pizza ever !
and , they were able to give me an express turnaround !
fantastic cheap chinese food !
great food too , especially breakfast .
perfect neighborhood bar and grill .
my new favorite .
bought _num_ bikes here so you can tell that i like them .
; - ) my best teaching interview ever .
veggies , tacos , queso and chips are excellent .
food is very well made and great service at any time .
thanks , friends !
i 've eaten here several times and have good good each time .
would highly recommend for a date night .
so beautiful !
the fish and chips are spot on .
when the weather is warm , i love riding my bike .
family atmosphere and good wait staff .
obviously a great place for kids .
great ambiance ( relaxed but nice ) .
great service !
great location and atmosphere .
the people are all very friendly and the atmosphere welcoming and laid back .
love the selection of stores here at south park mall .
forgot to pack a belt .
the clothes are great and pretty stylish .
but the food is probably the best we have had in charlotte .
enjoyed the perfectly prepared trout .
worth the money any day of the week !
the queso is phenomenal .
prices are alittle high , but what do you expect , its bbq !
but i never enjoyed it .
course is good greens were super .
my last few times have been nothing but amazing .
the staff has always been very helpful and nice to me when i visit .
i was very pleased and i will definitely return !
great food with a fun environment too .
the ambiance is very nice and the complimentary valet is nice !
the same nice lady has served us for decades .
some great service in here on my visit .
i 'd definitely return and highly recommend staying here .
wonderful food and exceptional service .
they most definitely have a wide variety of things .
consistent quality food and service .
great vegetarian options as well .
we loved it !
i worked in customer service my entire life , so i had high expectations .
ask for charles , he is awesome !
extra point for being something unique in this food desert of a neighborhood .
in my opinion this place is fine with me .
they took good care of me .
this is the best pizza we 've had since moving to charlotte from ny .
overall it was a very pleasant experience .
i love a good southern brewed sweet iced tea .
they are honest and treat you right .
this was a good experience !
friendly , and a great stylist .
the pork was wonderfully seasoned , and i loved the chimichurri sauce .
i like the selection here and the food is always tasty .
extremely good and authentic italian .
highly recommended !
will come back !
very thorough .
my favorite restaurant in charlotte !
i 've had eyebrow waxing and massages here and loved everything !
great service , very very quick delivery , they are great !
the staff is always friendly .
good service , good prices and great food .
the service was great and i enjoyed the food .
i give the show _num_ stars , because it was good .
we have three kids and they all have their favorites on the menu .
the prices have always been reasonable and true to estimate .
my dad had the french dip without mushrooms and said it was excellent .
this place is awesome .
perfect place for a wedding .
the food is great !
this place is incredible .
i love the co-op !
but this store is great .
best best best food .
but you came here for coffee , right ?
but it was good !
great place to dine before or after badger games .
it 's very crowded and small but still worth it .
it really is the rice here that makes the food here fantastic .
i had a cheese plate , all from wisconsin , was excellent too .
thai noodle bowl is awesome !
very sweet and friendly waitress .
their pad thai is the best i have ever had !
the staff is very helpful and i love petting their shop cats .
this place is wedding central on weekends in the summer .
you got ta sit down stairs , order from the bar , and enjoy !
great customer service at this location !
the merchandise is constantly changing and so are the fun displays .
small but cute .
you will look good after shopping here .
i 'll definitely be back .
these steaks are well presented , perfectly done and taste wonderful !
seriously , that sandwich is delicious cold too .
this is my go-to weekend brunch spot .
the wait staff and bartenders are always genuinely enthusiastic .
food and drinks -- good .
one of the best flavors we 've both tried .
really nice !
but , i have yet to form an opinion on that !
i 've always felt welcome and treated as a special customer .
amazing food , even more amazing when someone else is picking up the check .
we looked at several places throughout the madison area , for our wedding reception .
great for sitting in or taking out .
they offered a nice array of breakfast drinks .
food was great !
perfect to meet with people or hang out solo with a good book .
everything really good .
favorite lbs in madison !
the breakfast was phenomenal .
i love breakfast and this was outstanding .
i loved the fresh flowers throughout the restaurant !
i really enjoyed the chai latte as well .
good fresh bagels at great prices !
fast and friendly service .
they have some really beautiful ones for sale .
i 'm always happy when i leave this store !
pita bread is served soft and warm .
but it was nice to have three courses in small portions .
she did an amazing job for my full arm waxing .
second time we have been here and excellent both times .
i also had a good iced tea and bf had an espresso .
their sauce was excellent , and their crust is superb !
great food , excellent wait staff .
they had classical music welcoming us into the room and fresh cut flowers playing .
cute and quaint .
always had good luck here and the cake is a party hit !
best .
please enjoy .
been there _num_ times and always good !
and my nails always , always look awesome !
thanks to todd for all of his help and expertise .
best prices on drinks in madison .
thanks again and keep up the good work over there !
i highly recommend them !
love this place .
the best doughnuts i 've ever had !
very unique place , check it out !
he 's the best .
i 'll definitely come back here .
my husband enjoyed his dish of noodle salad as well .
i do all my grocery shopping here and have always received great service .
we love this bread .
their lasagna is outstanding , but it 's very rich .
the ingredients are fresh .
seriously , a new car !
money well spent .
pho is some of the best that i 've had .
the thai iced tea is perfectly sweet .
food was great !
the food is awesome !
nice local owned business .
i will visit this friendly place again .
wide variety on menu , plus build your own .
pretty good mom and pop type restaurant , especially for cu .
we had a wonderful lunch visit !
they also have a good selection of wine .
excellent place for lunch .
a quaint and sweet find .
great library .
best i 've had outside of italy .
i take my son here every weekend and it 's become a real tradition .
i just really love this place .
they were professional , fast and thorough , and the prices were great .
thanks jack .
the staff is always friendly and helpful .
there is nothing better for nursing a hangover than the good egg .
lot 's of good dinning options in the area .
it is so good and the perfect office lunch .
what 's not to love about this place !
they got a new pastry chef in there that makes the most awesome cupcakes !
i recommend the traffic jam or italian sandwiches .
it was a great way to spend a beautiful sunday afternoon .
my husband and i became members because it 's that amazing !
wonderful theater !
awesome !
will definitely come back and recommend to friends .
what great customer service !
even my mama likes it !
lo-lo 's is consistent and comfort food for the soul .
i come here at least twice a month .
we also had an amazing waitress that was on top of her game .
this is mama 's good ole home cooking comfort food .
so good !
great service met with great southern food .
loved the drinks in mason jars .
aloha tan is by far the best in glendale , az !
we were in the balcony area and got a great view of the performance .
everyone there was having a great time .
nice outdoor mall .
will definitely be back .
keep it up !
their service is generally very good and the servers are friendly .
try it ... and thank me later !
fantastic music , lots of hipsters drinking terrible beer .
the food is amazing !
they have consistently good food and delicious fresh made chips with salsa .
great food , great service !
i would definitely recommend them for all of your photography needs .
love the owners ; hardworking , sweet people .
super helpful and well informed .
the food is always great and very affordable .
she knows her stuff like the back of her hand .
it was awesome !
great pho just delicious from top to bottom !
only had the cookies and cream but it was delicious !
the wait can be long but definitely worth it .
one on the seat back , and one on the seat .
the margaritas were great .
it is one of my favorite places to go .
you guys are the best !
i was pleasantly surprised how professional and caring anna was .
awesome !
the team at select is wonderful .
but tonight , wow !
the owner is very friendly .
i love flowers by jodi !
tamales green or red are fresh .
service here is excellent all around , even when they are super busy .
first watch has been a frequent breakfast spot for my husband and i .
i appreciated his helpfulness and knowledge base .
love this place !
they had spicy mustard , soy sauce , and chili sauces .
the $ _num_ margaritas mentioned before absolutely do their trick .
then came the carne asada burrito and it was delicious .
service was very good .
great place and great employees .
love this place , love pino , and love the pizza !
they did n't disappoint , the foot was delicious .
medium spicy is spicy !
this review is for the labor and delivery ... you guys rock !
today i did and i think i have found my new favorite place .
love this place .
the spring rolls were big and packed with noodles , shrimp , and beef .
number _num_ with beef is my favorite .
service is fantastic !
very good pho at a very good price .
they have a variety of other dishes that are also oh so good .
great place and awesome price !
this is a wonderful , professional and personal service .
great people .
all of crazy jim 's menu is delicious !
food delicious .
i love the green chimi .
my usual order is the red chile chimichanga , which is perfectly done .
the food was terrific !
good service .
bill is the best , easy to talk too and always friendly .
so an overall excellent experience .
great job !
decent food at a very good price .
both times it was excellent .
they 're always responsive and get it right the first time .
yummm fresh bagels and different cream cheeses .
cleaned up after themselves and the best price i could find .
carnitas was great the best beans maybe ever .
my meal came with two biscuits , as well .
the enchilada sauce is outstanding , wonderful tacos , yummy cheese crisps .
good value .
the have someone making tortillas all night and they are so good .
i always get the prime rib cut to order .
clean !
and the service was awesome !
the suite was very clean and comfortable .
first time coming here & i can say the food is good .
honey hot and honey bbq are the best and cheap too .
the pricing is n't the cheapest but the work is well worth it !
i would refer my friends and family to them .
thank you both so much !
pleasantly surprised .
highly recommended based on my experience .
this a great place !
you get what they give you and you eat it .
this was our second straight great experience at manuel 's on bell rd .
the atmosphere is very relaxing and the equipment is clean !
great food !
this is a clean shop and the price is always right .
their crust & sauce is vegan , making it a good option for us .
i love their selection and quality of food .
he is trustworthy and reasonable and great w kids .
it was delicious .
great locale for dinner and a movie .
way to go , phoenix body works .
definitely try this place !
good for them at serving people the right way .
best happy hour prices in town !
they always do a fantastic job and are so friendly .
their ranch is the best !
great food , ambiance , with good local offerings .
well , me and my husband went here , wow !
there tacos a delicious as well .
efficient , quiet and extremely helpful .
delicious chicken wings !
i will let my friends and family know !
great professional haircut i love it .
top notch service .
the waiters are friendly and very helpful .
my friend had the sesame chicken lunch special and her food was great .
the bread always tastes fresh and the sandwich fillings are hearty and satisfying .
this is my go to spot for chinese food .
this place is delicious .
the staff here is always very friendly and very very helpful !
liked it .
the scenery was great , well worth the money .
dine in or take out , it 's good food .
seriously a good place .
regardless of which location we go to we get the same excellent service !
our server christina was very attentive and on top of things .
bit pricey but it 's well worth it .
very clean .
they have great customer service and they take excellent care of the animals .
the taco was crispy and flavorful .
messages that a young couple with kids can relate to .
and service is friendly and quick !
i will be going back soon !
the meatball sandwiches are big , and very good .
